[Release 3.18306.0] COE Review Develop (#184)
cloudbees/terraform-aws-cloudbees-ci-eks-addon: blueprints/02-at-scale/README.md

   ```sh
   eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_controllers_pods)
   ```

   If successful, it should indicate that 2 replicas are running for `team-c-ha` since [CloudBees CI HA/HS](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/ha-install-guide/) is enabled on this controller.

4. Issue the following command to verify that horizontal pod autoscaling is enabled for `team-c-ha`:

   ```sh
   eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_controller_c_hpa)
   ```

#### Secrets Management

##### Kubernetes Secret

This blueprint uses a couple of Kubernetes secrets for different purposes.

> [!NOTE]
> - Beyond the CloudBees CI Addon (for demo purposes), Kubernetes secrets can be managed via [External Secret Operators](https://aws-ia.github.io/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints-addons/main/addons/external-secrets/).
> - Kubernetes secrets could be also be retrived as Jenkins Credentials via using the [Kubernetes Credentials Provider plugin](https://jenkinsci.github.io/kubernetes-credentials-provider-plugin/).

###### Casc Secrets

> The secrets key/value file defined in [k8s/secrets-values.yml](k8s/secrets-values.yml) is converted into a Kubernetes secret (`cbci-sec-casc`) and mounted into /run/secrets/ for Operation Center and Controllers to be consumed via CloudBees Casc. See [Configuration as Code - Handling Secrets - Kubernetes Secrets](https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin/blob/master/docs/features/secrets.adoc#kubernetes-secrets) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secrets key/value file defined in [k8s/secrets-values.yml](k8s/secrets-values.yml) is converted into a Kubernetes secret (`cbci-sec-casc`) and mounted into `/run/secrets/` for the operations center and controllers to be consumed via CloudBees CasC. Refer to [Configuration as Code - Handling Secrets - Kubernetes Secrets](https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin/blob/master/docs/features/secrets.adoc#kubernetes-secrets) for more information.
```

> ###### Container Registry Secrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Container registry secrets
```

DockerHub authentication is stored as Kubernetes secrets (`cbci-agent-sec-reg`) and mounted to [Kaniko agent containers](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/cloud-admin-guide/using-kaniko) to build and push images to this registry. The secret is created using the `dh_reg_secret_auth` variable.

```sh
   eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_agent_sec_reg)
```

> [!NOTE]
> ECR authentication is done via instance profile connected to `build-linux-spot` Node pools.

##### HashiCorp Vault

HashiCorp Vault is used as a credential provider for CloudBees CI Pipelines in this blueprint.

> 1. Run the configure Hashicorp Vault script. Keep in a safe place Admin Token and Unseal Keys (saved in `k8s/vault-init.log`) as well as Role ID and Secret ID for `cbci-oc` App Role.

Reviewer: I wasn't sure about this one, but I think this works?
```suggestion
1. Run the configure Hashicorp Vault script. Store the admin token and unseal keys (saved in `k8s/vault-init.log`) and role ID and secret ID for the `cbci-oc` application role in a safe place.
```

   ```sh
   eval $(terraform output --raw vault_configure)
   ```

> 2. Access the HashiCorp Vault UI by issuing the following command. Enter the root token to log in from the _step 1_.

Reviewer: We don't mention the root token in step 1 directly above. Was that something that was returned when they ran the configure Hashicorp Vault script?
```suggestion
2. Issue the following command to access the HashiCorp Vault UI. Enter the root token to sign in from _step 1_.
```

   ```sh
   eval $(terraform output --raw vault_dashboard)
   ```

> 3. Access with admin role to CloudBees CI Operation Center and complete the configuration for the CloudBees CI Vault Plugin by entering the Role ID and Secret ID for `cbci-oc` App Role from _step 1_ in _Manage Jenkins_ > _Credentials Providers_ > _HashiCorp Vault Credentials Provider_. Click on `Test Connection` to verify the inputs are right. Finally, move to `team-b` or `team-c-ha` to run the pipeline _admin_ > _validations_ > _vault-credentials_ and validate that credentials are fetched correctly from Hashicorp Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Sign in to the CloudBees CI operations center as a user with the admin role. 

4. Navigate to **Manage Jenkins > Credentials Providers > HashiCorp Vault Credentials Provider** and complete the configuration for the CloudBees CI Vault Plugin by entering the role ID and secret ID for the `cbci-oc` application role from _step 1_.

5. Select **Test Connection** to verify the inputs are correct.

6. Move to `team-b` or `team-c-ha` to run the Pipeline (**admin > validations > vault-credentials**) and validate that credentials are fetched correctly from the Hashicorp Vault.
```

   eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_liveness_probe_ext)
   ```

2. Once you have retrieved the API token, issue the following commands to trigger builds using the [POST queue for hibernation API endpoint](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/cloud-admin-guide/managing-controllers#_post_queue_for_hibernation). If successful, an `HTTP/2 201` response is returned, indicating the REST API call has been correctly received by the CloudBees CI controller.

   - For Linux node pools use:

      ```sh
      eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_controller_b_s3_build)
      ```

>       It triggers `s3-WScacheAndArtifacts` pipeline from `team-b` controller. This pipeline validates a couple of s3 integrations in parallel: one for [CloudBees Workspace Caching](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/pipelines/cloudbees-cache-step) (using `linux-mavenAndKaniko-L`) and another for [s3 Artifact Manager](https://plugins.jenkins.io/artifact-manager-s3/) (using `linux-mavenAndKaniko-XL`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      It triggers the `s3-WScacheAndArtifacts` Pipeline from the `team-b` controller. This pipeline validates S3 integrations in parallel for [CloudBees workspace caching](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/pipelines/cloudbees-cache-step) (using `linux-mavenAndKaniko-L`) and the [S3 artifact manager](https://plugins.jenkins.io/artifact-manager-s3/) (using `linux-mavenAndKaniko-XL`).
```

      Once the second build is complete, you can find the read cache operation at the beginning of the build logs and the write cache operation at the end of the build logs.

>       The `linux-mavenAndKaniko-L` agent template is deployed over On-demand Linux Nodes that have smaller instance types vs the `linux-mavenAndKaniko-XL` template that is deployed over Spot Linux Nodes that have defined larger instance types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The `linux-mavenAndKaniko-L` agent template is deployed over on-demand Linux nodes that have smaller instance types versus the `linux-mavenAndKaniko-XL` template that is deployed over Spot Linux nodes that have defined larger instance types.
```

   - For Windows node pool use:

      ```sh
      eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_controller_c_windows_node_build)
      ```

>       It triggers `windows-build-nodes` pipeline from `team-c-ha` controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      It triggers the `windows-build-nodes` Pipeline from the `team-c-ha` controller.
```

>       Note that the first build for a new Windows image container can take up to 10 minutes to run; subsequent builds should take seconds to run. This behavior can be improved as explained in the section [Architecture](#architecture).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Note that the first build for a new Windows image container can take up to 10 minutes to run; subsequent builds should take seconds to run. This behavior can be improved, as explained in the section [Architecture](#architecture).
```

> 3. Right after triggering the builds, issue the following to validate pod agent provisioning to build the pipeline code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Right after triggering the builds, issue the following to validate pod agent provisioning to build the Pipeline code:
```

   ```sh
   eval $(terraform output --raw cbci_agents_pods)
   ```

> 4. Check build logs by signing in to the `team-b` and `team-c-ha` controllers, respectively. Navigate to the pipeline jobs and select the first build, indicated by the `#1` build number. [CloudBees Pipeline Explorer](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/pipelines/cloudbees-pipeline-explorer-plugin) is enabled as a default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check build logs by signing in to the `team-b` and `team-c-ha` controllers, respectively. Navigate to the Pipeline jobs and select the first build, indicated by the `#1` build number. [CloudBees Pipeline Explorer](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-ci/latest/pipelines/cloudbees-pipeline-explorer-plugin) is enabled by default.
```

##### Container Registry

> This blueprints uses a couple of container registries for different purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This blueprints use a couple of container registries for different purposes.
```

> - The Public Registry uses DockerHub.
> - The Private Registry uses AWS ECR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The public registry uses DockerHub.
- The private registry uses AWS ECR.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Other Container Registry services can be used for the same purporses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Other Container Registry services can be used for the same purposes.
```

> Access with admin role to CloudBees CI to `team-b` or `team-c-ha` to run the pipeline _admin_ > _validations_ > _kaniko_ enter as parameters an existing DockerHub Organization and an existing AWS ECR Repository to test that Build and Push towards every repository works fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign in to the CloudBees CI to `team-b` or `team-c-ha` controllers with admin access. Run the **admin > validations > kaniko** Pipeline and enter (using parameters) an existing DockerHub organization and an existing AWS ECR Repository to test that building and pushing to all repositories works as expected.
```
